Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we got video we got audio, you're doing a little smoking area.
Rhonda Towne: I'm trying to finish up.
Rhonda Towne: I just got home from work. And I'm like,
Rhonda Towne: Me. They asked me to stay home and do double cuz apparently
Rhonda Towne: They got their stimulus.
Rhonda Towne: And people were calling in and all kinds of stuff. And I'm like,
Rhonda Towne: I wish I could do the same. And yet I owe student loan. So I can't
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I can't afford it. I'm like, I have, I have no choice but to work. So I was like yeah i i would have stayed home, I would have did a double and everything, but I was like, no, I have to keep this appointment at noon day
Rhonda Towne: Plus, I did not know Dr. Eyebrow
Rhonda Towne: kept my
Rhonda Towne: Refill
Rhonda Towne: My
Rhonda Towne: Design medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So you just finished work. You just you're not working a double you're on, you're on your way home, or you in a parking lot.
Rhonda Towne: I just got home, I just got home.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so you feel in kind of tired from the day
Rhonda Towne: Yeah. Anyway, I've been up since four
Rhonda Towne: Yeah yeah
Rhonda Towne: So I got you can imagine. And I was just smoking on my way home. So I hadn't smoked all day so
Rhonda Towne: I guess I I'm alright. So, but yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, Randy working
Gwenevere Abriel: For how many weeks.
Rhonda Towne: He started this job with the security place that like the armed guards.
Rhonda Towne: They do. They let people
Rhonda Towne: It's I'm him see where they go to get screening
Rhonda Towne: At the balloon Fiesta Park.
Rhonda Towne: So he doesn't come in contact with them. He just direct traffic, like, oh, you go to lane one lane to, you know what I mean.
Rhonda Towne: They're not allowed to talk to the people.
Rhonda Towne: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this sounds like it's sort of a short term gig.
Rhonda Towne: Um, they go to certain places. He was, he had a really good site. I'm at journal pavilion where they did the concerts, where the studio places where they do movies.
Rhonda Towne: But it's completely shut down all the people there are working from home. That was his site. Yeah, yeah. So since it's completely shut down, they move everybody. A lot of the guys to the balloon Fiesta where everybody's at
Rhonda Towne: So, but he's he's trying to look, it's just nobody hiring right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is not the truth.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This country is definitely feeling the change
Gwenevere Abriel: On me
Rhonda Towne: And I
Rhonda Towne: honestly believe we're headed for another recession and I I tell my kids. You guys need to save up stop buying stupid stuff you don't need you don't need earbuds your pod whatever the hell. It's called
Rhonda Towne: Right. Hundred dollars. You don't need to
Rhonda Towne: Save your money.
Rhonda Towne: So yeah, I get upset with my kids because I'm like, you don't need crappy don't need you don't need a longboard that $300 you don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Rhonda Towne: So I'm like, because you don't know what it was like the last one we were in
Rhonda Towne: And you guys were babies.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was really, really inconvenient for me.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, it was. I said, and we had four of you guys. Your dad was only one working. Do you know what it was like I said, No, you guys don't know what it's like. It was bad.
Rhonda Towne: So yeah, I tell him me save your money. You don't need stupid stuff.
Rhonda Towne: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's happening. I got you. You've got sort of these awareness is of your children. And what about their father. Is he being careful with money also
Rhonda Towne: He's feeling the pinch his mortgage is 1500 dollars.
Rhonda Towne: For bedroom 1500. The only reason why he got houses because the yard was huge.
Rhonda Towne: And he got it when he was still married to that lady, he was away.
Rhonda Towne: And she have been bailed. You know what I mean.
Rhonda Towne: And I'm now he's starting to feel it. So he's
Rhonda Towne: He's I told him I i
Rhonda Towne: Said this is kind of why I never wanted to buy a house with you. I mean, not that you would, yeah. You left me. But we had the kids together. Yes. But I said, um,
Rhonda Towne: I said, I did not want the burden of the house payment. That's the only i just i just didn't want that. And I'd rather have done the rent. So I said, Do you ever feel like you should just
Rhonda Towne: Take the hit on the repo.
Rhonda Towne: You know the repossession of a house you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking about a foreclosure.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I said it would that be better than the stress, you're just going through or
Rhonda Towne: I don't know.
Rhonda Towne: How was it refinancing or something through a local
Rhonda Towne: So he I guess he talked to one of the credit unions in town and
Rhonda Towne: I guess they gave him at least another two years before they didn't even think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Rhonda Towne: So, but that's that's 1500 you know each month till then.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah. But yeah, so I but yeah he Oh wait, seem to be all right. For now, but yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are you doing around you had some plans that you were moving forward on dental work is, tell me how that's doing is that a screeching halt. What's the status.
Rhonda Towne: I did. I had a really, really bad toothache.
Rhonda Towne: Now that you mentioned it.
Rhonda Towne: Last week, or about to me about last week I ended up having on the phone or move it still I'm like a hole in there. And then the other month has to just, I had this one, your mood. This one, and these two that have forward and move
Rhonda Towne: On my left side.
Rhonda Towne: So yeah, I was in so much pain at the end made my right ear her
Rhonda Towne: Misled I still went to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: This was last
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, they took it out on a Wednesday.
Rhonda Towne: And I got a doctor's note for work and everything and it was Dr. Steele on I'm Louisiana Emma Gumby her know Louisiana and potato.
Rhonda Towne: Oral Surgery or oxo below you that something
Rhonda Towne: Something oxo I don't know Dr. Steele.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and how much pain are you in up in that and your gums and teeth.
Rhonda Towne: It's still sore, but not know where to where I was like oh my god you know what I mean. I just wanted to jump off the building that pain.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, it's, it's not, not, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering if you know your goal. If I want to finish my dental work. I'm wondering if we should move that goal to something maybe like either June or July.
Rhonda Towne: Yes, because everything is. Yeah. They told me they'll only see me and everything, unless it's an emergency and they just won't see me just take care of everything, you know, that's all. The reason why gone in was because I was freaking crying.
Rhonda Towne: I was at the urgent care. You know what I mean, of course, they wouldn't give me anything for pain or nothing.
Rhonda Towne: Duke city urgent care had to call them and tell them you know what I mean, you guys got to get her in. She's, she's here, you know, in pain.
Rhonda Towne: And they got one of their doctors. What had had some
Rhonda Towne: How would you say it, he had some background in dental
Rhonda Towne: He took something to where he just shot me up a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Rhonda Towne: So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so some of those teeth.
Gwenevere Abriel: They four of them were taken out and you have managed to get through this pain and what were you doing to get through the pain. What did you end up doing.
Rhonda Towne: Oh, I did the or or a gel. Um, I couldn't do heating pad them. It kind of just seemed to make it worse by I did it for my ear like the ice piece or the corn and I did this can K or whatever mouth liquid stuff. This one is what I did.
Rhonda Towne: Okay, yeah. Smell the gross, but that's what the guy at Walgreens said to do. That's what I was using
Gwenevere Abriel: So it must be a topical.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, okay, good. Okay.
Rhonda Towne: But the thing is, I was on an empty stomach and I puked
Rhonda Towne: And I could smell it coming out that was only thing with you. I was an empty stomach. I came out.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Rhonda Towne: I just have these mines and this one on this side left and I was hoping he would take those out since I was there and he said
Rhonda Towne: Since they're not hurting you know I can't really do anything about it.
Rhonda Towne: He
Rhonda Towne: Has to be done. You know, when we're when we reopen it. This is just for emergency
Gwenevere Abriel: That's too bad.
Rhonda Towne: Was I wish I could you know I would love to do him and get out of the way.
Rhonda Towne: So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how, how many times did. It did that trigger the thought of wanting to self medicate with the buprenorphine or using short acting opiate
Rhonda Towne: Um,
Rhonda Towne: I
Rhonda Towne: I was thinking that I was thinking, even if I wanted to use opiates, or the ice. I took to be runner and nothing. It didn't even that thing I did even help
Rhonda Towne: What I did, but the Tylenol, I kind of put it
Rhonda Towne: In my step it around there. That's what help
Rhonda Towne: Um, and I, I even thought, even if I use the medication, the stronger anything. I was thinking
Rhonda Towne: I don't know if it would even help honestly
Gwenevere Abriel: So you ground up Tylenol and you packed it into the area. The gum.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, where it is. It was like putty. Like, like a mushy.
Rhonda Towne: That was the only way it helps
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Rhonda Towne: That and I was told clove oil only, the only, only thing is, I couldn't find it.
Rhonda Towne: Because a lot of herbal places are closed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you lived through the pain and discomfort worked and maybe some of that busying yourself may have helped distract a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Possibly
Rhonda Towne: Yeah. And then people at work or like, Well, why don't you try, we, you know, the green stuff. And I'm like, that is one thing I never I just like alcohol i i i don't never develop the taste for alcohol and we just like yeah
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I just
Rhonda Towne: You know what I mean, it's just like me. You know how people have their own
Rhonda Towne: I was just like, I really don't care for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you got through it.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so did you take more than your prescription of the buprenorphine.
Rhonda Towne: Boom, I think the first time I did and that's when I realized I don't think it's gonna work.
Gwenevere Abriel: So sometime between Wednesday and today we tried it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many more milligrams. Did you take
Rhonda Towne: I think I took like
Rhonda Towne: I strip and a half.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, Rhonda, how much more
Than your prescribed. Oh.
Rhonda Towne: I think I took, like, three eighths or something more.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said it didn't bring meaningful pain relief.
No.
Rhonda Towne: And that's when I realized my sister in law was the one she was like, why don't you just
Rhonda Towne: The Tylenol and just
Rhonda Towne: Let it sit in warm water and
Rhonda Towne: Yes, she was the one that me
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's shift gears a little bit and I'm gonna, I'm going to ask you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are things that typically I've done with people, a long time ago. And maybe it got lost in a note. So I'm going to show you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: This blue stuff here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're protective figure nurturing figure wise FIGURE. DID YOU AND I work together to develop imagery. So employees or a protective figure a nurturing figure wise figure. Do you remember ever doing that is from your imagination, remember ever doing that.
Rhonda Towne: Now, I don't think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is Rhonda, oftentimes, you know, just now, you were using memory, right. You were recalling I had to fake. Oh, it was so bad. I went to urgent care and you were slowly you were remembering pieces that's memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a different part of your brain that I'm going to be asking you to draw from, from today I'm going to be asking you to use sort of the right brain, which is your imagination. Okay, I don't want your favorite thing to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we're going to go for it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's the instruction. We're going to come up with three figures, real or they can be imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the ultimate goal is, we're going to have these three figures that we're going to be calling your resource team.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're going to represent number one, a protective figure. So I'd like you first. And I'll go into the others in a minute. But first, I want you to think of either real or imagined what comes to mind when you think of a protective figure real or imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's quieter.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your thinking.
Rhonda Towne: You mean the protective Biggers
Gwenevere Abriel: Rhonda. Take your phone and turn it so I can see at least your mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see the decoration ceiling. I want to see more of you, it could put it on the dashboard dashboard was great. I just needed to be able to see more of you, I can only see from here up
Rhonda Towne: Alright, I think that might be better.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You want me to invite the imagery. One more time.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I just, you mean the paper you showed me before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rhonda. Here we go. I would like you to think
Gwenevere Abriel: Of an image of a protective figure either real or imagined what comes to mind.
Rhonda Towne: Well,
Rhonda Towne: Not the real would be a lot of the characters I read
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I supposed to know what you're thinking about right now.
Rhonda Towne: What protective
Rhonda Towne: Would be a lot of the characters. Sorry. That's just what I said.
Rhonda Towne: In in
Rhonda Towne: Would be the person's
Rhonda Towne: I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you state them, can you state them because I can't read your mind.
Rhonda Towne: I mean, I mean,
Rhonda Towne: I read a lot of the paranormal stuff. That's what I'm saying.
Rhonda Towne: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, Rhonda, why aren't you just saying it just say it.
Rhonda Towne: Like as a no horse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah I wars, the protective horse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey protective force and does it. Is there some light size to it color to it, some kind of unique features that really, if I were to bring it back up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I would invite that imagery, at a time when maybe protective figure might be useful in our work together. How would I describe it that immediately.
Gwenevere Abriel: You would have that imagery. See if you can hold in your imagination right in that mind's eye, without horse looks like smells like sounds like everything about it and just describe it to me.
Supposedly
Rhonda Towne: For one, it's his size, he's huge.
Rhonda Towne: Got it here to the average
Rhonda Towne: Man, even the, the owner apparently is like six
Rhonda Towne: Eight and but the horse is still like seven. I mean, he's taller than the guy who is 70
Rhonda Towne: Uh, but it can fly like Pegasus.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can Fly. How does it fly because it has wings are now. Yeah. Okay, got it.
Rhonda Towne: And it can shoot fire from
Rhonda Towne: its nostrils.
Rhonda Towne: And just with its own of when it's threaten and can do that.
Rhonda Towne: Okay. His her skin is like razor sharp
Gwenevere Abriel: razor sharp
Rhonda Towne: And its wings has, like, how would you say it.
Rhonda Towne: Whenever it's written its wings has those metal things that come out. I cannot remember the name of it. It's a weird name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are they like blades and they're like knives and a sharp
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, it just, it shoots out. Okay.
Rhonda Towne: Okay, yeah.
Rhonda Towne: It can through metal, you name it, and cut through mountains.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, the lady to cut will just say cut through metal and mountains those wings when they're spread
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, when it threatened mostly
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it was threatened. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice right now. We got it. Now I can see what you were thinking of. Great. So let's do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing figure real or imagined a nurturing figure, typically what they want for you is
Gwenevere Abriel: That you grow to your full potential. They want for you, pure and simple no mixed message. They don't want anything back and nurturing for your wants for you to reach your growth potential. Thank you to evolve.
Rhonda Towne: Hmm, nurturing,
Rhonda Towne: I would say
Rhonda Towne: Like a coddling huddling person but not to
Rhonda Towne: Like overbearing in a way
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, check a see real or imagined. See if you can catch an image of someone who was cuddling.
Gwenevere Abriel: But wasn't overbearing Sentra. See if you can catch either real or imagined. Think about books TV, movies, your imagination or in real life. And sometimes it's a blending of a couple people real or imagined. You get the idea. You already did one you did fantastic. See if I can do it again.
Rhonda Towne: Like encouraging.
Gwenevere Abriel: A real or imagined image. I'm going to write it down when you describe it was. Wait for it. Wait till it gets into your imagination.
Rhonda Towne: I would say one who
Rhonda Towne: One who encourages without overbearing
Rhonda Towne: I'm see hmm
Rhonda Towne: I know
Rhonda Towne: Of course, encourages what that he thought were barren.
Rhonda Towne: Then the see
Rhonda Towne: Hmm. That part's hard
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay with it. You're doing great. I know they're difficult just wait for it can take as long as it takes. It's worth it.
Rhonda Towne: Mmm hmm.
Rhonda Towne: See
Rhonda Towne: The encouraging.
Rhonda Towne: Encouraging
Gwenevere Abriel: This image wants for you to reach your full potential.
Rhonda Towne: The ones that are encouraging.
Gwenevere Abriel: They can't be overbearing this imagery won't work. We've got to have it singular right it's got to be no mixed message. They can't want anything back just really pure
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever seen it in a movie where you thought wow look at that and wonder what being at the receiving end of that much encouragement. I wonder what that would feel like.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you you looked at this movie. We looked at this TV show or read this character in the book and he thought, wow. If only. Wouldn't that be something
Rhonda Towne: Well number see
Rhonda Towne: Integrity.
Rhonda Towne: Would that be
Rhonda Towne: And works.
Rhonda Towne: I mean, for his integrity.
Rhonda Towne: Toward the mean for his being his encouragement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone in your mind right now.
Rhonda Towne: See, cuz I know those books that I'm reading right now it's all intertwined.
Oh,
Rhonda Towne: Except it's about an angel. Who's freakin millennia old
Rhonda Towne: He is the father. The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse step. He doesn't know because he's so disobedient that
Rhonda Towne: The angels, like, Where was it Megatron and zeal white because memory because he is so um
Rhonda Towne: You know, and I mean, this will be in the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to come back to nurturing figure. Let's move away from that one for a second. I wrote it down. I wrote angel and it's not quite zeroed in on it needs a little bit of refinement.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get a sense of their attributes. So you can kind of tell that this, this figure would be encouraging it would have an integrity, it would not be overbearing
Gwenevere Abriel: It would nurture your personal growth and development, but we don't quite have you don't quite have an image. It doesn't sound like in your mind, yet you don't quite have something you could describe to me, much like what you did with the protective force.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, he's like this sub union and encouraging in his own way.
Rhonda Towne: So I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Gonna come back. Okay.
Rhonda Towne: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, once got some mixture and for this exercise. I want it singular not mixed this entity wants for Rhonda.
Gwenevere Abriel: To grow, evolve and develop everything that she's capable of. That's what this figure wants. So we're going to come back to it. Okay, let's let that sit, sit in the backgrounds and on the back burner or unconscious and see what comes up. Let's move to a third one, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'd like you to think of real or imagined a creature figures, real or imagined can be whatever you want. You're going to describe it to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is a wise figure
Rhonda Towne: Out.
Gwenevere Abriel: The third one is a wise figure really
Gwenevere Abriel: Wise.
Rhonda Towne: Wise. Uh huh.
Rhonda Towne: I'm missing.
Rhonda Towne: My
Rhonda Towne: I'm sorry, could you repeat that again, I'm sorry my thing you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Think of a real or imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sort of reference.
Rhonda Towne: Imagine, think of the wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think of an image of something or someone wise, what comes to your imagination.
Rhonda Towne: Um,
Rhonda Towne: I always think, are they real
Rhonda Towne: I'm more of a pessimists.
Gwenevere Abriel: What they what
Gwenevere Abriel: Are optimists. They tell me what you just saw in your imagination, what was it,
Rhonda Towne: I did three Wiseman
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interesting. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, so I heard you, and you did sort of clue me in and said you pictured the wise men, but then you wonder, are they real
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you to picture an animal or maybe something in you ever watched movies or tv where you saw there was an entity that sort of represented and all knowing very intelligent experience wise figure. Does anything come up
Rhonda Towne: TV with the all knowing
Rhonda Towne: All I can think of is
Rhonda Towne: Like Jimmy Stewart, or whatever. Those profit people
Rhonda Towne: You know those people who always want money or whatever they do their sermons and they're like, well, you give a donation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we want you. You want us because that's a little creepy. I don't trust them personally. So I don't even know if that's a no.
Rhonda Towne: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's go back to the three wise and let's visit that one again.
Rhonda Towne: Um,
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I always wondered, like I said, I read the Bible. I read all kinds of stuff I've gone to church. I did the whole everything
Rhonda Towne: I mean it's every Bader know I've always wondered, it's just basically that's it. I wondered
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, I'm probably going to need to revisit these again. You don't sound too confident about these last two. So we're probably going to need to sharpen them a little bit because you're not
Gwenevere Abriel: confident about them. In other words, I have this sense of wisdom. I can feel it lands in my bones and I know it's true. That's not happening for you, there's doubt there's questioning
Rhonda Towne: And
Rhonda Towne: And I'm not saying I know it all.
But
Rhonda Towne: I mean, I read, I don't know, maybe it was my thing going to school. You know, there's I have taken all kinds of stuff. And as you things here maybe as all the
Rhonda Towne: Instructors I had that screwed. My, my thinking up. I don't know.
Rhonda Towne: And all this stuff. I read
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, we'll come on a different day.
Gwenevere Abriel: There'll be some clarity about what's a nurturing figure. And what's the wives. Take your you're having to work really hard at something
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't need to be quite that hard you're working very hard at it. For most people, they just say this, this, this, this, and they're done. So something's happening. Don't know if it's that you're tired from today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or that I'm not doing a great job of explaining it. But we're going to move on and we'll come back to it another day. Okay.
Rhonda Towne: Well, the nurturing figure. It could be. I just never had one in my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but that's analysis that isn't what I'm asking for. I know, I know, I know why that's that's not what I'm asking.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Rhonda Towne: Mean, it could be I'm I
Rhonda Towne: Can be one to my kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: You. So notice you just caught it, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Could you be
Gwenevere Abriel: A nurturing figure, could you be that maybe it's you maybe after all it's you.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I mean, like I said, I can be to my kids especially my end. Now that my scenario Burkina at work together since I got him a job. I don't know if I told you that I got my a job that my work.
Rhonda Towne: Um, I told you that when he ended up having a bad friend at work. He got drunk.
Rhonda Towne: And so I was like Oh hell no.
Rhonda Towne: So I, I didn't really went to specifics of brandy, my boss but I told her you know she needed a Coke. And I said, well, my is available, my son, if you want him.
Rhonda Towne: And plus, everything was closing all the bars. So she goes, well he's hired if he wants a job. And I said, All right, this fine. So now I did too, and to kind of thing.
Rhonda Towne: My is there. I keep an eye on him without him really knowing and he's got a job.
Rhonda Towne: So I have him there with me.
Rhonda Towne: And he's got a job, but we have different hours but still I know who hangs out with it. You know what I mean, I know who who all there.
Rhonda Towne: But if you need help. I'm there.
Rhonda Towne: So it kind of works out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I put you in as a nurturing figure I put the self.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Rhonda Towne: I just don't know who to
Rhonda Towne: I just
Gwenevere Abriel: Run on sorry I
Rhonda Towne: Just don't know who to buy an Apple. I don't. I never had that in my life.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't get this piece of the healing unless we dip into this kind of conversation, and you did great. But notice how hard you have to work right.
Gwenevere Abriel: This, this, this has an impact. And so that's why I want to get these figures really clear. For some people, what ends up happening RHONDA IS they struggle, like what you just did right can't find it can't find it, and they start to recognize it and they think
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, I see it. I saw it in a movie or hey, I feel it with you. One, they might, for some people end up saying it's me. Like, that's how sparse that nurturing says that I am that I've actually been
Gwenevere Abriel: I've also been the protector, because I protect boundaries and I make sure people are kind to each other. So there might be that
Gwenevere Abriel: So, no, I'm not surprised that you had a hard time no i i know i you've told me your stories. None of what you said surprises me. And I'm proud of you for sticking with it and really trying tried and tried and tried and you kept trying kept trying kept trying
Gwenevere Abriel: And I imagine that wasn't a very easy thing to do.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah i and I'm just like, and even the stories and Brandi. Brandi tells me about his parents.
Rhonda Towne: Like how cold, his mom and dad were to him.
Rhonda Towne: And I'm like, I can do that. I just had dinner. My kids. And then last night. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right.
Rhonda Towne: And like I could never tell my kids you know it's you guys are turning 18. I don't know what you guys gonna do. But, you know, you're, you're almost done with school, you're not going to live here anymore, but I don't know what you can do, but you know I won't be here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's
Rhonda Towne: What I told him.
Rhonda Towne: And he
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, he was astounding Atlanta and I'm like your dad.
Rhonda Towne: Oh, God. He was so cold.
Rhonda Towne: So I honestly don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, um, let's schedule something for
Gwenevere Abriel: Schedule, but I'll go ahead and schedule it and you'll have to sort of let me know whether it's going to work for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I imagine you're scheduled between April 27 of may first
Gwenevere Abriel: And last,
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: How about
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, we're gonna try anyway one o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: At night.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll send a text to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you can cross check your schedule and see if it works.
Rhonda Towne: At one time.
Gwenevere Abriel: 110
Rhonda Towne: Which means one
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to set the alarm for 1245 it's taking a virtual clinical really long time to check people in
Rhonda Towne: Okay, April 29 that 1pm 1:10pm
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes 10 minutes after 1pm 10 minutes after
Rhonda Towne: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I sent a message to Dr. Real and just, I just let her know that you were here today, and if there is an Asian. Why then, she knows you are here. Okay.
Rhonda Towne: Okay. So, just out of curiosity is my group every month or because I've been doing once a month. I honestly don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're good. I got sent a message to Dr. Rob real I let her know, You were here. You and I have something scheduled. I'm fine. If you want to go to group once a month. And you're going on Tuesdays.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I've been doing Tuesdays.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds good. My guess is she bridged it to today. I'm guessing because she wanted you to be here.
Rhonda Towne: I haven't gotten anything yet. Since last month.
Huh.
Rhonda Towne: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, call bright heart health when you hang up with me. You got to get ahold of her
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, but you didn't. You didn't let her know though. Right, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let me get a hold of Breitbart right away that get a call right now that that's insane.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Rhonda Towne: I know I was freaking out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Call now.
Rhonda Towne: All right. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye.
Bye.